hey guys welcome back to the channel so
you're trapped at 30 000 feet in an
airplane with a bunch of highly venomous
snakes
what do you do well that's exactly the
plot of snakes on a plane which in case
you guys haven't seen it is a movie
that's very thrilling and pretty
hilarious with plenty of memorable
moments and in this video we'll take a
look at how you can beat this deadly
situation
and survive until the end but how did
they get here
well in the movie we follow sean as he
goes biking in hawaii when he takes a
short break he walks by this bridge
only seconds later a man is thrown down
from it hanging by his legs then
numerous gangsters come and kill the man
sean witnesses all of this and just
barely manages to escape
in the following days he sees on the
news that the man responsible for the
killing is a very violent mob boss by
the name of eddie kim
and eventually the criminals start
coming after him since he knows too much
and might talk to the police
one day he realizes that they're
breaking into his house with the intent
to kill him there he narrowly gets
rescued by the fbi agent neville flynn
who then pressures him into testifying
against the criminals since it's the
only chance to send the big evil crime
boss to prison however they need to fly
to los
angeles since that's where he's being
prosecuted so neville and sean take a
commercial flight to la
but on the plane the criminals have
planted a big package
filled with wild snakes that get
released shortly after takeoff
that way they think they'll kill
everyone inside and shawn won't be able
to testify
and it was already a little bit weird
that the snakes got on the plane
the way it was done is that the gang
members bribed a few workers but there's
almost no security on the flight which
you wouldn't really expect from the fbi
when they're escorting a key witness
neville simply goes on the flight and
that's pretty much
it but the man that sean is testifying
against is notoriously well known for
his extreme methods
virtually the only security that's there
are these two fbi agents which is far
too
little i mean they already saw that the
criminals know who sean is and are
following
him around we saw that they're willing
to go very far to take him out
so to have such bare security is already
very risky
they don't check for anything dangerous
like explosives and just go on a regular
commercial flight which any one of the
criminals can easily
infiltrate especially since they're so
well connected so having a little bit
more security would go a long way
the one regular security guard almost
even notices the snakes but ends up
thinking it's just a cat
anyways after the plane takes off it
takes roughly 25 minutes until the
snakes start attacking people
the first ones that get bitten are a
couple that are
becoming members of the mile high club
and this scene is pretty wild i'm not
gonna lie
they're doing their thing in the
airplane bathroom and we see the snakes
come out of a small hole at the top
they then bite the dude in the neck and
the girl and the
you know and this leads into an
important point that could help you
survive longer
try to cover up all these small entry
points this is one of the easiest ways
to stop the spread of the snakes
closing the few holes in the bathroom
could already create numerous safe
havens where you would be free from the
snake attacks and would be much easier
to secure the other bathrooms the hole
the snakes came through here was created
because this genius ripped out the smoke
detector to light up some grass
but the other ones would still have them
in and therefore one fewer entry point
so the couple gets bitten then falls to
the floor and it might seem like it's
impossible for them to warn the others
since they pass away so quickly
however they should have quite a bit of
time until they actually die
the fastest acting lethal venom and
snakes that i found comes from the black
mamba
the snake injects up to 12 times the
lethal amount of humans and it takes
roughly 20 minutes to die
from it let's assume that it was that
snake that bit them which by the way it
wasn't but that doesn't matter
so if they have at least 20 minutes
until they die they could have easily
come back
out and alert everyone that there are
snakes in the cabin this could be an
important step that saves many lives
because the snakes
at least in the beginning only hang out
an economy class
but the first class remains pretty much
untouched and the first class section
is almost empty because that's where
neville is sitting with sean so the
couple in the bathroom can
warn everybody early on so that they can
rapidly make their way into first class
but of course if that happens we don't
have a movie as the flight continues it
takes the snakes a few more minutes
until the next person gets killed and it
again
happens in a stall different one this
time the man goes in there to pee
and we see one of the snakes coming out
of the toilet i don't quite know
how the snakes got into the plumbing
system to come out of a toilet
but apparently they did so he pees a
little on the snake after which it bites
them
right in the dick yeah this movie is not
exactly classy
and this guy does the worst thing you
can possibly do
the snake is biting into his junk and he
starts pulling at it
don't ever do that when you look at a
snake's mouth you can see that the
poisonous fangs
are shaped like a hook that goes inside
meaning that you can't possibly remove a
snake by pulling it like this without
seriously injuring yourself
what this will do is cause the teeth to
dig in deeper into your crotch
creating a huge wound that will tear
into your tissue
there are numerous ways that you can
fight back against the snake in this
situation
one way is to attack its vulnerable
areas for a snake that means biting into
the tail which causes them a lot of pain
and should make them stop biting you can
also use your fingers to go for the eyes
which are also very sensitive
these are two ways you can free yourself
with a higher likelihood of getting away
alive with all your body parts still
intact
anyways after the captain notices two
small snakes in his cockpit one of them
causes an electric malfunction
leading to the oxygen mass to drop and
with them a bunch of snakes that have
been lingering above them
this is the first time where everybody
notices that there is a total
infestation of snakes which they need to
get rid of
here we see many different passengers
getting attacked and they all have the
same approach when getting bitten
each one of them pulls at the snake but
as we already discussed the shape of the
snake's teeth won't allow you to just
pull it off
the only way to push it away from you is
to force the snake deeper into whatever
it's biting by pushing it further you
can get your tissue off the fangs
this means that you can possibly avoid
the poisonous shooting out then you can
force its mouth open and get it off
next up we see neville's partner getting
bit and he eventually dies from his
fight while lying in a chair
this opens up another possibility for
you to be more safe going forward
we see that he's wearing a jacket with
two layers what you can do is take
thicker clothing like this from the
people who already died and wear it over
yourself
that way you have a little bit more
protection against the fights
most of the people on the flight aren't
wearing that much since they're flying
from sunny hawaii to sunny la
and it's not uncommon for them to dress
very lightly but that makes it all the
more important to take thicker jackets
like this when you see them
it might just protect you from the bites
of the chest and it's an easy way to
increase your chance of survival
something else that's important is to
not provoke the snakes
since they usually only attack when
they're cornered or feel threatened
of course keeping your distance is a
little bit more difficult on a plane
but try to create as much distance
between you and the snakes as fast as
possible
that means running up to first class
however something that works against our
protagonists here
is that the snakes have been sprayed
with certain pheromones that make them
more aggressive
because they usually wouldn't just
attack people especially from what i
found the more toxic ones are less
likely to
bite but because they have been agitated
they're out to kill
the way they have been injected with
these chemicals is that they were on the
lace that people are wearing
all of them have been doused on an
odorless chemical that makes the snakes
a lot more aggressive so they should
quickly get rid of any additional lace
and stay away from them to avoid making
them any more likely to attack
this is because neville remarks
something up there is making them go
crazy no [ __ ] they're attacking
everybody and everything up here they're
especially fond of those [ __ ] lays
so if the lays are all the way in the
back of the plane by the explanation
that we're given that's where the snakes
would be drawn to
anyways eventually they all finally make
their way towards the front of the plane
and create a small barrier between them
and the snakes in the back
however there are still plenty of
mistakes made and opportunities missed
to keep themselves safe
for example we see that one of the big
guys got bitten in the ass
so the male flight attendant suggests
that he sucks out the poison
i know it sounds weird but trust me it's
a fun movie to watch
the guy obviously says no since he
doesn't want a dude to suck his butt
and it might seem like he's immature and
wrong but he's actually
right because you can't just suck out
the venom out of a snake bite
that's mostly a myth and it's highly
ineffective snake venom goes into your
bloodstream very quickly so you can't
just suck it back out
what you should do is remain calm and
keep your heart rate down
by doing that you slow the spread of the
venom in your body
if you were to panic and run around
screaming for help you increase your
heart rate blood pumps faster through
your system
the poison spreads much quicker and you
die sooner
so by staying calm you buy yourself a
lot more time there's also an advantage
that many of us have that only a few of
the people in the movie have
and that is that we all carry around a
camera on our smartphones
this can be crucial to your survival
because it allows the people on the
ground that are trying to help to find
the correct anti-venom
chances are you have no clue what kind
of snakes these are and
neither do i but you don't have to just
quickly snap a picture of which one
attacked you and show that to the police
otherwise with all these different kinds
of snakes which are from all over the
world
it's going to be next to impossible to
find the right antidote
so then we see a young kid with a very
swollen hand which he got from one of
the snakes biting him
in order to help a woman start sucking
out some of the venom from the hand
and like i said don't do this not just
because it's highly ineffective
but if you have any kind of small cut or
injury in your mouth
it's going to be very easy to get
infected with a venom if you suck a
little bit of it out
and in this scenario where there's
turbulence and snakes and everybody's
running around
it's not unlikely that you might get a
small bruise inside your mouth
so do not attempt this now even though
they have barricaded themselves into the
front of the plane and blocked the
entrances with pieces of luggage
the snakes still manage to advance their
solution to this
is taking glass bottles and breaking
them they then take their sharp glass to
a stick and poke at the animals
even though this is a good start it
doesn't stop them from coming closer
what they can do to potentially stop
their approaches is to use a snake's own
strength against it
they have a very fine sense of smell and
there are a few odors which completely
repel them
one of the biggest ones is ammonia so if
they have some sort of spray that
includes ammonia that can pretty much
keep the snakes at bay the whole time
and ammonia is commonly found in all
sorts of cleaners window cleaners toilet
cleaners drain cleaners all that sort of
stuff
but it's not entirely clear if they have
access to those at one point we do see
one of the flight attendants
conveniently grabbing a big spray bottle
of what i assume to be some kind of
cleaning product but other than that
they might not have something with a lot
of ammonia so another
good option is alcohol snakes don't
really like that scent either so it's
also a good repellent
and they easily have access to various
types of hard liquors and alcoholic
drinks which would keep the snakes away
even if they don't one of the passengers
is shown to carry around
a lot of hand sanitizer all right look
we gotta make sure we got some motive
all right
and one of the main ingredients in hand
sanitizer tends to be some kind of
disinfectant alcohol
they can also get some kind of rubbing
alcohol from a first aid kit
armed with these household products it
would be possible to keep the snakes
from attacking you
and if you find a way to put the alcohol
in some kind of a spray bottle
you should be pretty much set instead
what they do is use a fire extinguisher
to keep them away which while effective
for a few seconds won't keep you safe
for long
also the safest place seems to be up the
stairs where sean is sitting all alone
there are zero snakes up there and it
takes them the longest to get there
but by having everybody downstairs even
when they're not doing anything
they risk losing more lives they could
at least light a few other people up so
they can be safe from the snakes
it would be especially helpful if the
ones that are bitten can stay upstairs
with sean
that way they wouldn't be fighting any
snakes and they could relax which slows
down their heartbeat
and therefore also the spread of the
venom that would buy the infected more
time before they die
so neville gets a call on the phone and
is talking to a snake expert that
authorities on the ground have contacted
he explains that they must know which
kind of snakes there are so that they
can get the right anti-venom while he's
on the phone the people downstairs lose
their patience and storm the upper deck
to see why it's being held empty
sean then explains the situation that
he's in that he has to testify against
eddie kim the crime boss who threw the
guy
off the bridge neville then tells them
that if they want to live they must
collect all the dead snakes so they can
tell the guy on the phone what attacked
them
then comes probably the funniest moment
in the entire movie
the pilot is flying the plane when
suddenly one of the snakes bites his arm
he gets up and tries to pull it off but
it's not even the snake that really
hurts him
he falls down into this lower room
through a door in the floor which they
opened like 40 minutes ago to check on
the electronics when they first went
out i still wonder why they decided to
keep this big
hatch open since it's just asking for
someone to trip into it
this injury was almost unavoidable
except that they maybe
oh i don't know close this random ass
hole which has literally no reason to be
open in the first place
meanwhile downstairs sean decides to
help everyone out by snapping the snakes
with someone's carry-on bag
the snakes by the way have made their
way to the front of the plane this is
once again pretty ineffective since the
bags are really soft
we saw a much better technique earlier
where the friend of the guy who got bit
in the ass
ripped off a tray table and used that to
kill the snakes
since it's a much harder surface it
allows them to do more damage
and since tray tables are literally
everywhere sean would be much better off
using one of those to protect himself
after fighting them off for a bit sean
and the flight attendants finally decide
to let everyone upstairs
something they could have done much
earlier and as we can see
all of these people are really stressed
out and the higher heart rate will lead
to a faster death among the ones already
bitten
so while they're all on the stairs
there's this absolute behemoth of the
snake that's like 30 feet long that
plops on the floor
and then this happens
this moment just hurts my head because i
don't understand why everyone is just
standing on the stairs
not moving forward there's a really
simple way not to fall here and that is
maybe helping up the guy who's i don't
know doing the worm on the stairs
literally blocking
everyone from going forward just help
him up or trample over him
but don't just stand there also it's
pretty obvious that the small skinny
staircase
isn't meant to hold 10 people all
leaning and pushing against the same
railing
over and over again by the way guys i
usually don't like to brag but on that
last video i did get first comment
just pointing it out anyways it breaks
and a bunch of people fall on random
sharp objects
and die while they're down there the big
snake approaches and a businessman gets
strangled by the snake
and here there's just a quick tip try to
hold your breath as
long as possible every time you breathe
out it gives the snake
more room to pull tighter and tighter
until you suffocate
since we saw that there are numerous
sharp objects lying around
it wouldn't be too difficult to stab the
snake with one of them which might cause
it to ease up but they all decide to
leave him alone and run away
leading the snake to eat him in probably
the best way possible
i wonder how it's going to eat his
shoulders will it just get wider
well now all of a sudden the others are
finally capable of
moving up the stairs like normal people
somehow
nobody stopped to do advanced gymnastics
on the steps this time
i'm so proud of them back in the cockpit
where neville and one of the flight
attendants have been flying for a bit
the pilot who passed out in the trap
door wakes back up and comes back out
he sits down to fly again and the woman
uses that thing around her neck
i don't know what you call it i don't
really care either but she uses it to
make a tourniquet on his arm where he
got bitten by the snake and this is
again a pretty big mistake
don't do this as it's pretty dangerous
and doesn't work it seems
intuitive since it cuts off the blood
flow but you're seriously risking
getting badly hurt
the pilot then tells neville and claire
that he got this and they can go back
outside to help everyone
but this is another bad idea it's clear
that he's very tired he's got a head
injury from falling down the hole
and he's bitten by a venomous snake
somebody should stay with him to watch
him to make sure that he stays alright
like the other flight attendant who's
just standing around screaming at people
she can stay in there to keep an eye on
him since he's one of the most important
people on the plane and you can see that
he's like two minutes away from passing
out again
meanwhile the police on the ground
tracked down an illegal snake dealer who
helped with this attack
they forced him to tell him about all
the different snakes that made it on
board and eventually
he gives them a list on the plane
neville gets a call from the police who
tells him the good news
however just as everything seems alright
they then find out that the pilot is
dead and there are a bunch of snakes in
the cockpit
something that would have been avoidable
if any one of the flight attendants or
passengers would have been in there with
him
since he's dead and not capable of
flying because he's dead
one of the passengers needs to fly but
luckily it seems like one of them can
actually fly a plane
but they're still the issue of the
snakes in the cockpit which neville must
get rid of
and this leads to the best line in the
whole movie enough
is enough i have had it with these
[ __ ] snakes
on this [ __ ] plane everybody
strap
in i'm about to open some [ __ ]
windows
yes he decides that it's the best option
to shoot out a window
so that all the snakes will fly out and
this is a hilariously stupid idea but
it's so funny that i'll gladly let it
slide
also i don't have a better idea so
everybody puts on their seat belts and
neville shoots a hole in the plane
the snakes fly out and they make their
way into the cockpit and close the door
but wait these 300 iq flight attendants
thought they would just hold on to a
railing instead of getting into a seat
and strapping in
so they're about to fly off because they
can't hold on
why they didn't just go into one of the
20 open first class seats
i don't know it's a totally viable
option that would keep them safe instead
of almost
flying out of the hole themselves but
after they fly a little lower and the
pressure eases
everyone seems to be alright then it's
revealed that the guy flying the plane
doesn't actually have any real flight
experience
he just played a couple of flying video
games on a playstation 2 a few times
and now he thought he could successfully
land a real plane
while since the cgi in the movie looks
like ps2 he should feel right at home
and even though he came in a little too
fast he does manage to land it
successfully they then get out of the
plane and get the correct anti-venoms
after all of that neville and sean go
surfing and that's the end of the movie
like i said it's pretty funny and tense
and there are even a couple of jump
scares
if you haven't seen it definitely check
it out so those were a few ways to beat
the movie
i hope you liked it and that i get to
see you in the next video
bye guys